### Ways to Earn With Quatre-finance
------------------------------------

Users of QuatreFinance protocol can earn in different ways as listed below. We will update this section from time to time.

- Partcipation in the protocol.
An example of this is where a holder of `QFT` leaves their token in the locked balance for a period of not less than 30 days (without moving), they automatically earn reward up to _1%_ of the total locked locked balance. This is an inbuilt inplicit incentive system different from an explicit staking system hence reward differs.

- Staking reward.
Holders of `QFT` can commit their token to the staking machine for a specific period not less than the minimum staking duration set by the platform and in turn get rewarded for it. A one way to earn high is to participate in staking.

- Airdrops.
A way we also appreciate supporters of the QuatreFinance platform is airdropping some amount of `QFT` to their wallet. There are different ways we can administer airdrops which is solely at the discret of the QuatreFinance team.

- Bug Bounty
Anyone can participate in QuatreFinance's bug bounty and earn reward in `QFT`. It will communicated in the proper channel (s).

- Partnership (intermediate) programs.
As time goes on, we will foster more cooperations which may warrant rewarding participants in activities that sprung up from such cooperation.

- Fee sharing
A part of revenue generated by QuatreFinance on some flagship products will be shares among a subscribed category of investors/liquidity providers. More information on this will be released in future.  